patternsJava/creationalPatternsJava/singleton/SingletonJavaTest.java
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.singleton.SingletonJavaTest
patternsJava/creationalPatternsJava/abstractFactory/StarCraftJava.java
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.abstractFactory.ARCJava
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.abstractFactory.Builder
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.abstractFactory.BuildingJava
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.abstractFactory.InfantryJava
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.abstractFactory.InfantryUnitsJava
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.abstractFactory.Soldier
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.abstractFactory.StarCraftJava
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.abstractFactory.TankJava
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.abstractFactory.UnitJava
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.abstractFactory.VehicleJava
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.abstractFactory.VehicleUnitsJava
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.abstractFactory.Warrior
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.abstractFactory.ZergBuilder
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.abstractFactory.ZergBuilder$1
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.abstractFactory.ZergBuilder$2
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/duck/Fly/FlyBehavior.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.duck.Fly.FlyBehavior
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/observerJava/watherDataJava/displayElements/StatisticsDisplay.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.observerJava.watherDataJava.displayElements.StatisticsDisplay
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/GameExample/character/King.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.GameExample.character.King
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/GameExample/MainClass.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.GameExample.MainClass
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/duck/Quack/Quack.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.duck.Quack.Quack
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/GameExample/weaponBehavior/WeaponBehavior.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.GameExample.weaponBehavior.WeaponBehavior
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/duck/Fly/FlyRocketPowered.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.duck.Fly.FlyRocketPowered
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/GameExample/character/Character.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.GameExample.character.Character
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/GameExample/character/Quin.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.GameExample.character.Quin
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/observerJava/watherDataJava/displayElements/ForecastDisplay.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.observerJava.watherDataJava.displayElements.ForecastDisplay
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/GameExample/character/Troll.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.GameExample.character.Troll
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/duck/Quack/MuteQuack.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.duck.Quack.MuteQuack
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/observerJava/watherDataJava/displayElements/DisplayElement.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.observerJava.watherDataJava.displayElements.DisplayElement
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/observerJava/anotherExample/MainObject.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.observerJava.anotherExample.MainObject
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/GameExample/weapons/Weapon.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.GameExample.weapons.Weapon
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/duck/MiniDuckSimulations.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.duck.MiniDuckSimulations
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/GameExample/weaponBehavior/BowBehavior.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.GameExample.weaponBehavior.BowBehavior
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/GameExample/character/Knight.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.GameExample.character.Knight
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/GameExample/weapons/DarkKnife.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.GameExample.weapons.DarkKnife
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/duck/ducks/RedDuck.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.duck.ducks.RedDuck
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.duck.ducks.RedDuck$1
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/observerJava/watherDataJava/WeatherData.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.observerJava.watherDataJava.WeatherData
notes/GenericsJava.java
 notes.Generic
 notes.GenericsJava
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/duck/ducks/ModelDuck.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.duck.ducks.ModelDuck
patternsJava/creationalPatternsJava/factory/FactoryJava.java
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.factory.Audi
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.factory.Car
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.factory.Factory
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.factory.FactoryJava
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.factory.Toyota
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/observerJava/anotherExample/Subject.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.observerJava.anotherExample.Subject
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/GameExample/weaponBehavior/KnifeBehavior.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.GameExample.weaponBehavior.KnifeBehavior
patternsJava/structuralPatterns/DecoratorJava.java
 patternsJava.structuralPatterns.DecoratorJava
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/observerJava/watherDataJava/displayElements/ThirdPartyDisplay.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.observerJava.watherDataJava.displayElements.ThirdPartyDisplay
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/observerJava/anotherExample/Observer.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.observerJava.anotherExample.Observer
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/duck/Fly/FlyWithWings.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.duck.Fly.FlyWithWings
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/GameExample/weapons/RedKnife.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.GameExample.weapons.RedKnife
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/duck/Quack/Squack.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.duck.Quack.Squack
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/observerJava/anotherExample/MainClass.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.observerJava.anotherExample.MainClass
patternsJava/creationalPatternsJava/singleton/SingletonJava.java
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.singleton.SingletonJava
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/observerJava/watherDataJava/WeatherStation.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.observerJava.watherDataJava.WeatherStation
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/duck/Fly/FlyNoWay.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.duck.Fly.FlyNoWay
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/GameExample/weapons/LongBow.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.GameExample.weapons.LongBow
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/observerJava/anotherExample/Display.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.observerJava.anotherExample.Display
patternsJava/creationalPatternsJava/factory/StaticFactoryMethodJava.java
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.factory.Aa
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.factory.Bb
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.factory.StaticFactoryMethodJava
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/GameExample/weapons/WarAxe.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.GameExample.weapons.WarAxe
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/duck/ducks/MallardDuck.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.duck.ducks.MallardDuck
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/observerJava/watherDataJava/displayElements/Observer.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.observerJava.watherDataJava.displayElements.Observer
patternsJava/creationalPatternsJava/factory/FactoryMethodJava.java
 patternsJava.creationalPatternsJava.factory.FactoryMethodJava
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/duck/ducks/Duck.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.duck.ducks.Duck
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/observerJava/watherDataJava/Subject.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.observerJava.watherDataJava.Subject
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/observerJava/anotherExample/NextObject.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.observerJava.anotherExample.NextObject
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/strategyJava/duck/Quack/QuackBehavior.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.strategyJava.duck.Quack.QuackBehavior
patternsJava/behaviorPatterns/observerJava/watherDataJava/displayElements/CurrentConditionDisplay.java
 patternsJava.behaviorPatterns.observerJava.watherDataJava.displayElements.CurrentConditionDisplay
patternsJava/structuralPatterns/decoratorJava/CoffeExample/Mocha.java
 patternsJava.structuralPatterns.decoratorJava.CoffeExample.Mocha
patternsJava/structuralPatterns/decoratorJava/CoffeExample/CondimentDecorator.java
 patternsJava.structuralPatterns.decoratorJava.CoffeExample.CondimentDecorator
patternsJava/structuralPatterns/decoratorJava/CoffeExample/Beverage.java
 patternsJava.structuralPatterns.decoratorJava.CoffeExample.Beverage
patternsJava/structuralPatterns/decoratorJava/CoffeExample/HoseBlend.java
 patternsJava.structuralPatterns.decoratorJava.CoffeExample.HoseBlend
patternsJava/structuralPatterns/decoratorJava/CoffeExample/Espresso.java
 patternsJava.structuralPatterns.decoratorJava.CoffeExample.Espresso
patternsJava/structuralPatterns/decoratorJava/CoffeExample/MainClass.java
 patternsJava.structuralPatterns.decoratorJava.CoffeExample.MainClass
patternsJava/structuralPatterns/anotherExample/LowerCaseInputStream.java
 patternsJava.structuralPatterns.anotherExample.LowerCaseInputStream
patternsJava/structuralPatterns/anotherExample/InputTest.java
 patternsJava.structuralPatterns.anotherExample.InputTest
